Stanage: initial GPU, CUDA and cuDNN docs (for A100 nodes) (#1670)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: stanagepilot/software/libs/cudnn.rst

.. _cudnn_stanage:

cuDNN
=====

.. sidebar:: cuDNN

   :Dependencies: CUDA, gcc

>    :URL: https://developer.nvidia.com/cudnn

Author: ```suggestion
   :URL: https://docs.nvidia.com/cudnn
```

>    :Documentation: https://developer.nvidia.com/cudnn

Reviewer: Far as I can tell, these links are a muchness of a muchness and reference more or less the same content and have the same linkages.

>Or are we avoiding breaking links if structure changes in future?

I don't think I have enough info to know if that is the case but I wouldn't expect either link to get deleted by nvidia any time soon.

>    :Documentation: https://developer.nvidia.com/cudnn

Author: Seems https://developer.nvidia.com/cudnn now redirects to https://developer.nvidia.com so  I've switched to using the URL Carl found.

>    :Documentation: https://developer.nvidia.com/cudnn

Author: Huh, you're right.  Dunno what happened earlier.  Reverted.

The NVIDIA CUDA Deep Neural Network library (cuDNN) is
a GPU-accelerated library of primitives for deep neural networks.
cuDNN provides highly tuned implementations for standard routines such
as forward and backward convolution, pooling, normalization, and activation layers.
cuDNN is part of the NVIDIA Deep Learning SDK.

Usage
-----

.. warning::

   **Only GPU-enabled nodes are able to run the cuDNN library.**

> .. See** :ref:`GPUComputing_bessemer` **for more information on how to request a GPU-enabled node for an interactive session or job submission.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. See** :ref:`gpu_computing_stanage` **for more information on how to request a GPU-enabled node for an interactive session or job submission.**
```

I think that's the right xref.
